[Music]
gold sword is back
ghostwriter is bringing ruben's
paintings to life
up until now we thought reuben's grandma
was ghost rider this ghost is basically
a stranger
whoa gw is painting at this point
anything's possible
mystery is intense
sherlock holmes dr watson we need help
solving a case
if you want to solve this case let the
facts lead you psychospace is hidden on
purpose
i have an idea
this technology is fantastic no kidding
sherlock
look if we solve this mystery
their ghosts will finally be at peace
remember you're only visible to me and
my friends
what are you doing uh we're practicing
our miming
okay
[Music]
be nice you can be friends
that dragon is bad news